1) Flash sales and promotions are the top reasons people opt in to text messages from businesses. If you’re running a promotion and want your customers to take action immediately, there’s hardly a more proven method of getting the word out than text. You’re almost guaranteed a sharp boost in revenue and quick returns on your investment.

Start by offering your customers a reward when they text in a keyword. This message can appear as a pop-up on your website with a widget that directly inputs the keyword on their text messaging app.

Enjoy 10% off — text “CUPCAKE” to [Number] to unlock instant discounts.
Once they send the message, you can respond with:

Hi there! Thanks for texting us. Use code ”WELCOME” to get 10% off your entire purchase when you order your favorite cupcake from cakes.com.
In addition to helping you earn more revenue, this strategy is an excellent way to build your contact list.

Below are other SMS templates you can modify to announce a sales promotion:

HouseholdPro’s annual sale is just 12 hours away! Use the code “MEMBER” to enjoy exclusive early access as a text club member.
We know you love to save big. That’s why we’re offering a 20% discount on all online orders for beef products. Valid thru 01/01
Yay! It’s another Two for Tuesday. Order a box of candy today and get another one FREE. Hurry now and visit chocolates.com to order. Valid for orders above $20.

2) Many of the order confirmation alerts you send via email get lost in the flood of messages customers receive daily. If you really want your customers to see your confirmation messages, consider texting them. Here are a few text message templates you can use.

Thanks for using the promo code ”NOBIGGIE”. A 10% discount was applied to order #A5124. Your backpack will be delivered on or before 12/12/12.
Your hotel booking is confirmed. The check-in code is XYZ123 for room number 123. Kindly present your ID at reception on check-in day.
Your PNR is WE456 for flight EA2222 on Mon., Dec. 12 from XYZ to ABC at 10:00. Your e-ticket has been forwarded to your email. We wish you safe travels!
Thanks for your order! Visit gift.com/confirm to confirm your shipping address. Also, follow this link to sign up for our email list and enjoy exclusive offers.
When sending order confirmation messages, it’s vital to include your company name as sender ID and provide as many details as you can.

3)
Exclusive offers are meant to make your customers feel special. Therefore, such messages should be as personal as possible. Achieve this by addressing customers by their first name or some other title that shows they’re special. Here are a few examples you can modify to suit your business.

Dear Marie. We appreciate your loyalty over the years and we’d like to thank you with this $50 voucher to purchase any item of your liking. Valid till 10/10/21
Dear PREMIUM SUBSCRIBER. It’s been 12 months of consistently reading from our platform. To celebrate your anniversary, next month’s subscription is on us!
Dear VIP customer, show this message to the stylist to receive the next hair cut FREE! Thanks for trusting the brand. Offer valid thru 12/12/21.
Our product launch is 05/06! Text club members get to enjoy a front seat plus 10% discount on purchases. Visit lunch.com to reserve your spo